my name is Samuel alabaster do you know
who I am
[Music]
what's that
submit it your horse a third scotch
she's very rare possibly even unique
regular horse don't have names they're
just yeah regular what's your fiance's
name Penelope Wow
you're like a man she's most precious
thing in the whole world this is a big
commitment
it's last long lifelong commitment
there's no turning back now
it's never too late to turn back here's
the plan
bended knee unless it be my wife and
then you you do your uh your ceremony
there it is a big jump it's hard and
things don't always go the way you
wanted to is that's what it boils down
to
are you really a preacher on the
conventional sense or my heart's in the
right place
he gave me mixed signals my eyebrows
technology
you're gonna go on questioning the
validity of my feelings and you can go
to hell
your regular black widow reaches things
are gonna be lousy and new and
fascinating ways y'all said the minute
your horse or the cutest most beautiful
greatest verb say never step down most
ricotta is whiskey thank you
you
[Music]